# CHANGELOG

## [0.4.1] - 2017-9-27
### Changed
- No more `ArticleBrief` table. All article info are stored with `Article` class.
- Seperated logics concerning `UserAuth` into `VicBlog.Auth` namespace.
- 'UserRole' enum is rearranged.

## [0.4.0] - 2017-8-28
### Fixed
- Upload is now working. 

### Others
- Migrated to Microsoft Azure Web App.
- Upload migrated to `Qiniu Cloud`.


## [0.4.0-beta1] - 2017-8-21
### Changed
- Database changed to SQL Server
- Split methods in `ValueController` to seperated files.
- Updated to .NET Core 2.0 & ASP.NET Core 2.0 with all other dependencies.

### Others
- Migrating to Microsoft Azure Web App.
- Upload is migrating to `Qiniu Cloud`. Code related to upload is still not working.

## [0.3.2] - 2017-5-2
### Fixed
- Attempts have been made to fix random crashes caused by writing PV.

## [0.3.1] - 2017-3-25
### Fixed
- Article Post now checks for `Admin` role.


## [0.3.0] - 2017-3-12
### Added
- PV count for every Article. A record will be added to database every time a get to `/articles/{articleID}` is made.
- Filter by Created Time and Last Edited Time


## [0.2.5] - 2017-3-10
### Added
- Login Expire time. Can be set in `appsettings.(Production).json`. When token is invalid, a `TokenInvalidException` will be thrown, and 403 Forbidden will be returned.

### Changed
- Modified some stupid codes that may result in repeated database operations 
- Rewrite some models to be more intuitive



## [0.2.0] - 2017-3-1
### Added
- `Rate` property for every `ArticleBrief`
- Upload pictures for admins while editing or composing articles
- Deletes the files uploaded before

### Changed
- All token will be placed in the `header` as `token: (your token)`
- Small tweaks

### Others
- First Production Build


## [0.1.1] - 2017-2-12
### Changed
- All ID changed from `int` to `string`. All are required and recommended to be generated by `Guid.NewGuid().ToString()`
- All Data models renamed from DataOn... to ...Model
- Response status code changed to 409 when username exists while registering
- `Delete Comment` is now an sync opertion instead of async.

### Fixed
- ArticleFilter not working

## [0.1.0] - 2017-1-31
### Added
- Property `Tags` for every `ArticleBrief`
- Request handler for requiring all `Tag`s (GET /tags)
- Descriptions for all possible responses
- Filter rule `tags`
- Extension methods for  
  - computing MD5 (32 bytes, all capitalized)
  - getting token from an `User`
  - getting `User` from token

### Changed
- Property `Category` is now a `string` instead of a `List<string>`
- Property `Username` is now the key of a `User` entity
- Routing for getting comments of an article is now `/comment` with query `articleID`

## [0.0.0] - 2017-1-29
- Initial Release